Please open up your success journal
and turn to exercise number five
which is called creating the content.
Let it all out, okay.
In this exercise,
we will write down the content, right,
and potential ideas that we wanna include in our speech,
including stuff you might wanna say,
quotes you might wanna use,
images, video, props, whatever it is,
entertaining things,
different or unique ideas,
educational content,
and other relevant content, okay.
And please only complete the left-hand green shaded column
in this exercise, okay?
As we will complete the silver and gold shaded columns
in future exercises and not this one, okay?
And I actually included 100 rows,
but please feel free to add or delete rows, okay?
And just please take your time with this
and just have fun and literally let it all out, right?
Even if you're not sure
where to put the content in your speech or the images
or if one should be included or not.
Just let it all out, okay?
Also, think about how you want your audience to feel.
What emotions do you want them to feel, right?
Don't think of structure in the content yet at all, okay?
Just free form document and let it all out.
And if you don't feel like you're in the right mood
or the right creative frame of mind to do this exercise
then just please pause me and come back to this exercise
tomorrow morning, right?
Or on a weekend, all right?
Just get up early any day to do it, right?
And it's crucial please.
It's crucial that you spend a lot of time doing this.
And if possible,
do it when you're in the right frame of mind, right?
And so here's a quick example.
If we are presenting about how we are going to
take market share from competitor X
that might we include these line items.
(upbeat techno music)